I've experienced so many great things in the military and I'm really proud
of them. One of the best things I've experienced is this thing
called MWR(Morale, Welfare, Recreation), it's morale, welfare, and recreation,
and they provide you with pool tables and bowling and of
all of these things that you can do around the community, hiking, skiing,
fishing, all at very cheap prices, and sometimes they even provided
the gear for it. I also had a great time with the USO(United Service
Organization). So I'm not an active duty military member anymore,
however whenever I go to an airport, there is always the USO there
that takes care of me. I can put my bags down, I can sit back and
relax, watch some TV, have some free snacks, so the USO and the recreation
center when you're active duty, they are some of the biggest
military perks that I've experienced.